PART 1
Create the following tables and insert few records each.
Use sequence for EmpNo,MngNo,DeptNo,LocNo columns…
1.Emp (empno(PK),empname,hire_date, mgrno(FK),  job, salary, comm.,deptno(FK))
2.Manager(mngno(PK),mngname)
3.Dept(deptno(Pk), deptname, locno(FK))
4.Location (locno(PK), city)
5.Salgrade(empno(FK),grade, salary,lowsal, hisal)

grade--A,B,C
1.Write a query to display the emp  name, department number, and department name for all employees.
2.Write a query to display the employee name, department name,  and city of all employees who earn a commission.
3.Write a query to display the emp name, job, department number, and department name for all employees who work in Toronto.
4.Display the employee name and employee number ,salary along with their manager’s name . Label the columns Employee, Emp#, Manager, and Salary, respectively.
4 b: Order the results by the salary.
5.Create a query that displays employee names who have the same salary grade.
6.Create a query that displays the Employee name, job, department name, salary grade for all employees.
 
7.Create a query to display the name and hire date of any employee hired after employee Davis.
 
8.Display the names and hire dates for all employees who were hired before their managers, along with  their manager’s names and hire dates.
 Label the columns Employee, Emp Hired, Manager, and Mgr Hired, respectively.
 
 


PART 2
Create books table —columns bookid(has to be a sequence starting from 1050,primary key), book_name,book_author
Create lendDetails table——columns  bookId(foreign key), person_id(foreign key),date_taken,expected_return_date,actual_return_date
Create Person table—person id(primary key),book_id(foreign key),PenaltyCharges number
 
Condtions for Inserting records:
1.Make sure in lending table ,date_taken column dates which u enter is always before todays date .
2. For few records leave the actual_return_date column value to be null.
 
Insert some records to both tables Make sure data integrity is maintained when inserting records.
1.Create a query to display the month of the book_id 1100 was taken.
2.Disaply all the names of the books in uppercase
3.Dispaly the return dates of all the books. Id some books were not returned yet,make todays date to be the output.
4. Write a query which would calculate penalty if any for all persons in the table .
Penalty is calculated who has not returned the book on expected_return _date and is calculated
as $2 a day.
Penalty = 2 * (No. of days = Current Date – Expected return date).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

